# AnalysisPlan

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**summary_prompt** | **str** | This is the prompt that&#x27;s used to summarize the call. The output is stored in &#x60;call.analysis.summary&#x60;.  Default is \&quot;You are an expert note-taker. You will be given a transcript of a call. Summarize the call in 2-3 sentences. DO NOT return anything except the summary.\&quot;.  Set to &#x27;&#x27; or &#x27;off&#x27; to disable. | [optional] 
**summary_request_timeout_seconds** | **float** | This is how long the request is tried before giving up. When request times out, &#x60;call.analysis.summary&#x60; will be empty. Increasing this timeout will delay the end of call report.  Default is 5 seconds. | [optional] 
**structured_data_request_timeout_seconds** | **float** | This is how long the request is tried before giving up. When request times out, &#x60;call.analysis.structuredData&#x60; will be empty. Increasing this timeout will delay the end of call report.  Default is 5 seconds. | [optional] 
**success_evaluation_prompt** | **str** | This is the prompt that&#x27;s used to evaluate if the call was successful. The output is stored in &#x60;call.analysis.successEvaluation&#x60;.  Default is \&quot;You are an expert call evaluator. You will be given a transcript of a call and the system prompt of the AI participant. Determine if the call was successful based on the objectives inferred from the system prompt. DO NOT return anything except the result.\&quot;.  Set to &#x27;&#x27; or &#x27;off&#x27; to disable.  You can use this standalone or in combination with &#x60;successEvaluationRubric&#x60;. If both are provided, they are concatenated into appropriate instructions. | [optional] 
**success_evaluation_rubric** | **str** | This enforces the rubric of the evaluation. The output is stored in &#x60;call.analysis.successEvaluation&#x60;.  Options include: - &#x27;NumericScale&#x27;: A scale of 1 to 10. - &#x27;DescriptiveScale&#x27;: A scale of Excellent, Good, Fair, Poor. - &#x27;Checklist&#x27;: A checklist of criteria and their status. - &#x27;Matrix&#x27;: A grid that evaluates multiple criteria across different performance levels. - &#x27;PercentageScale&#x27;: A scale of 0% to 100%. - &#x27;LikertScale&#x27;: A scale of Strongly Agree, Agree, Neutral, Disagree, Strongly Disagree. - &#x27;AutomaticRubric&#x27;: Automatically break down evaluation into several criteria, each with its own score. - &#x27;PassFail&#x27;: A simple &#x27;true&#x27; if call passed, &#x27;false&#x27; if not.  For &#x27;Checklist&#x27; and &#x27;Matrix&#x27;, provide the criteria in &#x60;successEvaluationPrompt&#x60;.  Default is &#x27;PassFail&#x27; if &#x60;successEvaluationPrompt&#x60; is not provided, and null if &#x60;successEvaluationPrompt&#x60; is provided.  You can use this standalone or in combination with &#x60;successEvaluationPrompt&#x60;. If both are provided, they are concatenated into appropriate instructions. | [optional] 
**success_evaluation_request_timeout_seconds** | **float** | This is how long the request is tried before giving up. When request times out, &#x60;call.analysis.successEvaluation&#x60; will be empty. Increasing this timeout will delay the end of call report.  Default is 5 seconds. | [optional] 
**structured_data_prompt** | **str** | This is the prompt that&#x27;s used to extract structured data from the call. The output is stored in &#x60;call.analysis.structuredData&#x60;.  Disabled by default.  You can use this standalone or in combination with &#x60;structuredDataSchema&#x60;. If both are provided, they are concatenated into appropriate instructions. | [optional] 
**structured_data_schema** | **AllOfAnalysisPlanStructuredDataSchema** | This enforces the schema of the structured data. This output is stored in &#x60;call.analysis.structuredData&#x60;.  Complete guide on JSON Schema can be found [here](https://ajv.js.org/json-schema.html#json-data-type).  Disabled by default.  You can use this standalone or in combination with &#x60;structuredDataPrompt&#x60;. If both are provided, they are concatenated into appropriate instructions. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

