# Assistant

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**transcriber** | **OneOfAssistantTranscriber** | These are the options for the assistant&#x27;s transcriber. | [optional] 
**model** | **OneOfAssistantModel** | These are the options for the assistant&#x27;s LLM. | [optional] 
**voice** | **OneOfAssistantVoice** | These are the options for the assistant&#x27;s voice. | [optional] 
**first_message_mode** | **str** | This is the mode for the first message. Default is &#x27;assistant-speaks-first&#x27;.  Use: - &#x27;assistant-speaks-first&#x27; to have the assistant speak first. - &#x27;assistant-waits-for-user&#x27; to have the assistant wait for the user to speak first. - &#x27;assistant-speaks-first-with-model-generated-message&#x27; to have the assistant speak first with a message generated by the model based on the conversation state. (&#x60;assistant.model.messages&#x60; at call start, &#x60;call.messages&#x60; at squad transfer points).  @default &#x27;assistant-speaks-first&#x27; | [optional] 
**recording_enabled** | **bool** | This sets whether the assistant&#x27;s calls are recorded. Defaults to true. | [optional] 
**hipaa_enabled** | **bool** | When this is enabled, no logs, recordings, or transcriptions will be stored. At the end of the call, you will still receive an end-of-call-report message to store on your server. Defaults to false. | [optional] 
**client_messages** | **list[str]** | These are the messages that will be sent to your Client SDKs. Default is conversation-update,function-call,hang,model-output,speech-update,status-update,transcript,tool-calls,user-interrupted,voice-input. You can check the shape of the messages in ClientMessage schema. | [optional] 
**server_messages** | **list[str]** | These are the messages that will be sent to your Server URL. Default is conversation-update,end-of-call-report,function-call,hang,speech-update,status-update,tool-calls,transfer-destination-request,user-interrupted. You can check the shape of the messages in ServerMessage schema. | [optional] 
**silence_timeout_seconds** | **float** | How many seconds of silence to wait before ending the call. Defaults to 30.  @default 30 | [optional] 
**response_delay_seconds** | **float** | The minimum number of seconds after user speech to wait before the assistant starts speaking. Defaults to 0.4.  @default 0.4 | [optional] 
**llm_request_delay_seconds** | **float** | The minimum number of seconds to wait after transcription (with punctuation) before sending a request to the model. Defaults to 0.1.  @default 0.1 | [optional] 
**llm_request_non_punctuated_delay_seconds** | **float** | The minimum number of seconds to wait after transcription (without punctuation) before sending a request to the model. Defaults to 1.5.  @default 1.5 | [optional] 
**num_words_to_interrupt_assistant** | **float** | The number of words to wait for before interrupting the assistant.  Words like \&quot;stop\&quot;, \&quot;actually\&quot;, \&quot;no\&quot;, etc. will always interrupt immediately regardless of this value.  Words like \&quot;okay\&quot;, \&quot;yeah\&quot;, \&quot;right\&quot; will never interrupt.  When set to 0, it will rely solely on the VAD (Voice Activity Detector) and will not wait for any transcription. Defaults to this (0).  @default 0 | [optional] 
**max_duration_seconds** | **float** | This is the maximum number of seconds that the call will last. When the call reaches this duration, it will be ended.  @default 1800 (~30 minutes) | [optional] 
**background_sound** | **str** | This is the background sound in the call. Default for phone calls is &#x27;office&#x27; and default for web calls is &#x27;off&#x27;. | [optional] 
**backchanneling_enabled** | **bool** | This determines whether the model says &#x27;mhmm&#x27;, &#x27;ahem&#x27; etc. while user is speaking.  Default &#x60;false&#x60; while in beta.  @default false | [optional] 
**background_denoising_enabled** | **bool** | This enables filtering of noise and background speech while the user is talking.  Default &#x60;false&#x60; while in beta.  @default false | [optional] 
**model_output_in_messages_enabled** | **bool** | This determines whether the model&#x27;s output is used in conversation history rather than the transcription of assistant&#x27;s speech.  Default &#x60;false&#x60; while in beta.  @default false | [optional] 
**transport_configurations** | **list[OneOfAssistantTransportConfigurationsItems]** | These are the configurations to be passed to the transport providers of assistant&#x27;s calls, like Twilio. You can store multiple configurations for different transport providers. For a call, only the configuration matching the call transport provider is used. | [optional] 
**is_server_url_secret_set** | **object** |  | 
**name** | **str** | This is the name of the assistant.  This is required when you want to transfer between assistants in a call. | [optional] 
**first_message** | **str** | This is the first message that the assistant will say. This can also be a URL to a containerized audio file (mp3, wav, etc.).  If unspecified, assistant will wait for user to speak and use the model to respond once they speak. | [optional] 
**voicemail_detection** | **AllOfAssistantVoicemailDetection** | These are the settings to configure or disable voicemail detection. Alternatively, voicemail detection can be configured using the model.tools&#x3D;[VoicemailTool]. This uses Twilio&#x27;s built-in detection while the VoicemailTool relies on the model to detect if a voicemail was reached. You can use neither of them, one of them, or both of them. By default, Twilio built-in detection is enabled while VoicemailTool is not. | [optional] 
**voicemail_message** | **str** | This is the message that the assistant will say if the call is forwarded to voicemail.  If unspecified, it will hang up. | [optional] 
**end_call_message** | **str** | This is the message that the assistant will say if it ends the call.  If unspecified, it will hang up without saying anything. | [optional] 
**end_call_phrases** | **list[str]** | This list contains phrases that, if spoken by the assistant, will trigger the call to be hung up. Case insensitive. | [optional] 
**metadata** | **object** | This is for metadata you want to store on the assistant. | [optional] 
**server_url** | **str** | This is the URL Vapi will communicate with via HTTP GET and POST Requests. This is used for retrieving context, function calling, and end-of-call reports.  All requests will be sent with the call object among other things relevant to that message. You can find more details in the Server URL documentation.  This overrides the serverUrl set on the org and the phoneNumber. Order of precedence: tool.server.url &gt; assistant.serverUrl &gt; phoneNumber.serverUrl &gt; org.serverUrl | [optional] 
**server_url_secret** | **str** | This is the secret you can set that Vapi will send with every request to your server. Will be sent as a header called x-vapi-secret.  Same precedence logic as serverUrl. | [optional] 
**analysis_plan** | **AllOfAssistantAnalysisPlan** | This is the plan for analysis of assistant&#x27;s calls. Stored in &#x60;call.analysis&#x60;. | [optional] 
**artifact_plan** | **AllOfAssistantArtifactPlan** | This is the plan for artifacts generated during assistant&#x27;s calls. Stored in &#x60;call.artifact&#x60;.  Note: &#x60;recordingEnabled&#x60; is currently at the root level. It will be moved to &#x60;artifactPlan&#x60; in the future, but will remain backwards compatible. | [optional] 
**message_plan** | **AllOfAssistantMessagePlan** | This is the plan for static messages that can be spoken by the assistant during the call, like &#x60;idleMessages&#x60;.  Note: &#x60;firstMessage&#x60;, &#x60;voicemailMessage&#x60;, and &#x60;endCallMessage&#x60; are currently at the root level. They will be moved to &#x60;messagePlan&#x60; in the future, but will remain backwards compatible. | [optional] 
**credential_ids** | **list[str]** | These are the credentials that will be used for the assistant calls. By default, all the credentials are available for use in the call but you can provide a subset using this. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | This is the unique identifier for the assistant. | 
**org_id** | **str** | This is the unique identifier for the org that this assistant belongs to. | 
**created_at** | **datetime** | This is the ISO 8601 date-time string of when the assistant was created. | 
**updated_at** | **datetime** | This is the ISO 8601 date-time string of when the assistant was last updated. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

