# CreateConversationBlockDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | **list[OneOfCreateConversationBlockDTOMessagesItems]** | These are the pre-configured messages that will be spoken to the user while the block is running. | [optional] 
**input_schema** | **AllOfCreateConversationBlockDTOInputSchema** | This is the input schema for the block. This is the input the block needs to run. It&#x27;s given to the block as &#x60;steps[0].input&#x60;  These are accessible as variables: - ({{input.propertyName}}) in context of the block execution (step) - ({{stepName.input.propertyName}}) in context of the workflow | [optional] 
**output_schema** | **AllOfCreateConversationBlockDTOOutputSchema** | This is the output schema for the block. This is the output the block will return to the workflow (&#x60;{{stepName.output}}&#x60;).  These are accessible as variables: - ({{output.propertyName}}) in context of the block execution (step) - ({{stepName.output.propertyName}}) in context of the workflow | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | This block is used for conversation. This can be a free flow conversation or a conversation with a specific goal like collecting some information.  For free block conversation, put clearly in the &#x60;instruction&#x60; when the block can be considered done. &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; {  \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;conversation\&quot;,  \&quot;instruction\&quot;: \&quot;Chit chat with the user asking them about their day. When user asks a specific question or once you have talked to the user for a couple of turns of conversation, move on.\&quot; } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  For conversation with a specific goal, you can define an &#x60;outputSchema&#x60; with required fields. The block won&#x27;t be considered done until the user has provided all the required fields in the &#x60;outputSchema&#x60;. &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; {  \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;conversation\&quot;,  \&quot;instruction\&quot;: \&quot;Ask the user about their hobbies, hopes and dreams.\&quot;,  \&quot;outputSchema\&quot;: {    \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;object\&quot;,    \&quot;properties\&quot;: {      \&quot;hobbies\&quot;: {        \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;string\&quot;      },      \&quot;hopes\&quot;: {        \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;string\&quot;      },      \&quot;dreams\&quot;: {        \&quot;type\&quot;: \&quot;string\&quot;      }    },    \&quot;required\&quot;: [\&quot;hobbies\&quot;]  } } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; For the above example, the conversation block will be considered done once the user has provided the &#x60;hobbies&#x60; (even if they have not provided the &#x60;hopes&#x60; and &#x60;dreams&#x60;). | 
**instruction** | **str** | This is the instruction to the model.  You can reference any variable in the context of the current block execution (step): - \&quot;{{input.your-property-name}}\&quot; for the current step&#x27;s input - \&quot;{{your-step-name.output.your-property-name}}\&quot; for another step&#x27;s output (in the same workflow) - \&quot;{{your-step-name.input.your-property-name}}\&quot; for another step&#x27;s input (in the same workflow) - \&quot;{{workflow.input.your-property-name}}\&quot; for the current workflow&#x27;s input - \&quot;{{global.your-property-name}}\&quot; for the global context  This can be as simple or as complex as you want it to be. - \&quot;say hello and ask the user about their day!\&quot; - \&quot;collect the user&#x27;s first and last name\&quot; - \&quot;user is {{input.firstName}} {{input.lastName}}. their age is {{input.age}}. ask them about their salary and if they might be interested in buying a house. we offer {{input.offer}}\&quot; | 
**name** | **str** | This is the name of the block. This is just for your reference. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

